Tomorrow at 7pm
Zhan Shuai will come to Jinhai
Stay in the Presidential Suite at Regal Gimhae
See you there.
You'll know if I'm lying.
OK, tomorrow at 7pm.
I'll go to the Regal Hotel to see Zhan Shuai
If I don't see you
Don't show up in front of me again
Otherwise see you once bah
Please tell this news to no one
So as not to cause congestion in the hotel
And this news?
Zhan Shuai only told me one person
If you say it
He'll blame me. You're hopeless.
Tomorrow night.
Book me one.
Roller Suite at Regal Gimhae
Icehouse
You have warmed me with kindness for so many years
I will definitely be your surprise and lucky one.
What are you guys doing?
Hurry up and keep up with the car in front